Update documentation for uuid() and timestamp() functions (#29350)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/functions/timestamp.html.md

to take the timestamp only on initial creation of the resource. For more stable
time handling, see the [Time Provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/time/).

> If this function produced a value during the plan step, it would cause the final configuration during the apply step not to match the actions shown in the plan (since the function is called again in the apply step, and would return a different value), which violates the Terraform execution model. For that reason, this function produces an unknown value result during the plan step, with the real result being decided only during the apply step. This means that the recorded time will be the instant when Terraform began _applying_ the change, rather than when Terraform _planned_ the change.

Reviewer: I wanted to move the sentence about what the timestamp actually is to be first and then follow it with the explanation. I also just edited a bit for flow - see what you think! 

```suggestion
The recorded time will be the instant when Terraform began _applying_ the change, rather than when Terraform _planned_ the change. Terraform cannot predict the result of `timestamp` during the planning phase, so the function produces an unknown value. This prevents Terraform from creating a final configuration that does not match the plan.
```
